are we in the tech bubble 2.0 in today's
video I'm going to show you some charts
that are going to make your head explode
you came here for the truth so let me
unveil that for you we have seen many
bubbles of the past it's not necessarily
just tul lips it isn't in the form of
some jpegs on your computer screen we
can see this in different places I want
to show you some examples of some stuff
that has gone wild and is right in front
of our faces happening right before our
very eyes join me as we look at this you
can see things have gotten out of whack
that purple line there that is a 200 day
moving average of a stock of a company
known as Nvidia Nvidia has been
performing incredibly well becoming one
of the most valuable companies in the
world by being the you know the
sort of Cornerstone of AI oh AI is
popular who gets the benefit as a result
of that oh it's Nvidia yeah we're
they're selling you know chips to
everybody well open AI themselves has
said we're going to make our own chips
so they won't need chips from other
companies and they've got very Deep
Pockets they'll start on that in the
meantime though Nvidia has done very
well with these companies needing to buy
buy those chips from them it's just
gotten a little tiny bit just a hair out
of whack okay so what we're looking at
is a 200 day moving average when things
move out like way out uh it starts to
get out of balance and that usually
Finds Its way back into civilization and
it did that from 2021 into 2022 it went
down considerably and you see that
there and where did it go well just a
little bit below that 200 day moving
average it's a very strong um you know
support level often times what we see in
the markets looking at this so it has
basically gone up ever since other than
that period in 2023 it's up it's down
it's up it's down it's been a look at
that it looks like it moved in a single
day upward which pretty much it did
going into territory has never never
gone before it is completely absurd to
be this far away from its 200 day moving
average of course it's up it's down that
that's normal but when we get to these
levels it starts to scream crazy what
about this Invidia looks a lot like
Cisco in the Final Phase of theom bubble
everybody at that time in that bubble
like just prior they were saying Cisco
is going to go to this price Cisco is
going to go to that price name any of
these hot stocks at the time it was
going to go higher everybody said higher
higher higher just like any other bubble
oh no no you don't understand
GPS the metaverse is going to be the the
hot thing you're going to want to own
digital real estate next to Snoop do
because you can't buy the real thing
next to him in in real life you're going
to buy be able to buy it in the digital
world and that's super valuable people
were selling homes in a digital
world that are now nearly
valueless people were buying pictures of
digital
monkeys jpegs because there was only
only a few of them and therefore that
made it
valuable and
so people bought them spent millions of
dollars Justin beibs he bought one or or
more and then the price just absolutely
collapsed you got to understand just
because it's a few of them in existence
doesn't mean that gives it value you
have to have somebody who desires that
right that's important so there's
definitely gray area on what a bubble is
it's not just because price goes higher
that's not a bubble it depends on its
value and of course it depends in okay
so its value that is of course something
that it depends somebody might see it
valuable and others might say no that I
don't want that it depend depends on its
peers okay so if you have one house in
the neighborhood that is you know
everybody's priced at a million dollars
but this guy over here decides no no my
home is worth $2
million it's not there it's
comparables and then of course where is
it in relation to where things have been
recently so if all the homes in that
neighborhood were selling at 1 million
now this guy's coming out at two million
or four million or 10 million
uh not really because all of those
properties have been selling for a
million so that kind of brings it to an
average even when maybe it's the best
house on the street you know it's just
the other way around they always say buy
the ugliest house on the street that's
the way it works on both sides NASDAQ
versus NASDAQ breath so the bread has
become very wor very bad over the last
uh few years where those re you know few
hot stocks have been carrying the market
upward that is a sign of weakness in the
markets however you could see that the
price has been doing very well there's
no question about that week after week
after week after week and just one
instance over the last several weeks all
the way back into the beginning of
November the S&P 500 has been doing so
well incredibly well as expected this is
a expected but we haven't seen the
breadth improve that is a
concern looking at the global Equity
risk love um this is Bank of America and
basically what they do here is just
showing us that things have become a
little stretched in this measurement
this is the by the way all country World
index so breaking it down uh the US has
been performing very well outperforming
the world looking at this it just show
us that it's you know whenever we go
into that Euphoria it tends to be a
bearish signal often times we come back
down to reality when we get to these
levels and you know the markets in the
United States especially have been
pushed too high and and should at least
trade sideways for a while um if not you
know a little bit of a contraction it's
just it's gone too far it's really gone
too far or we have breath improve where
the Magnificent 7 don't perform well but
other stocks start to do well here we
have Bitcoin you could see that in the
measurement of course of all these
different ETFs that have been launching
and so on a lot of Attraction we are
seeing fund flows improving in these
ETFs and uh of course people pull in
their cash out of grayscale Bitcoin
trust okay uh and which had tapered off
all I'm saying here is that more money
is going
into um
Bitcoin I'm sure people are starting to
allocate a percentage of their
portfolios to it it makes it a lot
easier it's of course not Bitcoin uh but
people think that it's Bitcoin so
they're putting their money there maybe
they've got a retirement account
whatever it is they they can't in this
way own physical Bitcoin real Bitcoin I
should say um and instead they're okay I
got this portfolio instead of putting it
in this or that they're putting it in 1%
in Bitcoin let's say so that's what's
happening here that gives us a little
bit of insight as to what's going on
with the uh Behavior Uh investor
behavior and what they see is risk their
risk tolerance at this time at the time
of this recording Bitcoin has been doing
very well going back up to
46,000 and so you could see what people
are are into what they're feeling the
sentiment is there at this time I worry
that stocks have gone too far too fast I
called the bottom back in uh September
late September
2022 so I said that I documented that
here on the channel two times in the
community post section of the channel as
well as during that period of time
suggesting this on multiple videos why
because looking at the patterns as well
as the money mirror method I've done a
video about the money mirror method here
on the channel it's in one of the
playlists that I have on the on the
channel but of course it's something
that I cover weekly on the finance live
Finance live is something that people
just get the absolute most depth and
they understand everything from a 30,000
foot view being able to be a better
investor being able to understand their
personal circumstances whether it's too
much debt whether it's knowing where to
allocate capital all of that stuff
discussed for 2 hours every week Finance
Friday live Link in the description hit
that thumbs up button on the way out I
do appreciate that very much and as
always you got to search for me the
money GPS likely not going to end up in
your feed the money GPS I'll see you
here tomorrow take care